in this program the endurance I invite you to live the coronation
peñoles champion the fifth official title
of the entity rosarina but poor just below the big five
get me to be above the central rosary sometime near the club
or four to one titles however the last four teams rosarinos
they were for year exploring territories has been turned
2 what we are going to see
the previous one during
of the coronation the place
that's why he provoked the fans of
they wanted to liniers
there is not much hope despite what finally happened i had
assets near the body a final
with independent and not equal
in a kind of communion
all thinking that there is one thing that I
I'm going to go around the olympic in the house of the most friendly little fans
in the first division
previous inn with the thousands and thousands of Rosario to invest good airs
to live
burst finally had his heart go through the seven o'clock the table
we started the program
perez rodrigo espíndola prior p capital
ap
one per area
to adapt
has already commissioned
salgado
Mayor Amalia Sáez and we took you away being
the end of time in bed
We do not admit or doubt it or condition
before members a month and a half
the disappeared disappeared in mexico
Look, I have to explain anything in Paris
as we know
on the starting line
in the meeting
life and goods
the alleged aggressor of Moroccan nationality of the interior
when it is
but you do not know now he
these dissidents of anger
diego dillenberger sold more than ten and a half million euros
messi of beginning with major and that conserve and spain
thank you
Scullion
In Israel
and the boys
and they keep saying it's right or wrong
I'm not thinking if they continue to focus presentation
more than one
According to UN data
another day we no no
the biggest
do not
NATO also very complex world moment
and potential
and the family
but I have for me that she sang with 115 year old I'm not going to wichita the girl
he continued saying all summer
in this way bait Libyan people and about him
the volpe
around the world
they do not have it and June I did the design of a 2009 model and for this
match a superb goal to come out
an extremadura junta is west of Baghdad without knowing it at that moment
dad the files do not have to go without UN decision regretted the fact and
follow
we go with the illusion of bilbao on Sunday one of its members
a hundred and a half of his pupils
that are not included in germany plans
in the peripheral zone
I will not abandon
ovarian
work
I worked
I made him
according to your age
although it will be revealing
then the aral sea was available to the senate board
next to the teleserie good all owed food and housing
that way a year and a half are not careful
after identifying it Bolivia and Paraguay because there is talk of a
golden ball for the w
that the neighborhoods listened to or the radio arrived through default
for now to everyone's liking
has won the video in the beginning who doubts it
so armed power that lives that comfort level
transcending
The ex-president
all of it
that throughout this league
the union center
I can not tell you because I know what the agreement needs the audience depends
initial of society
That same day the two individuals
what about jul said this the olympic round
analyze others unju with communion
we do not lie even at a time when the president
all the previous ones and that was delivering supports can not do it
today, yesterday, the pentagon announced the same
president of the bbva league
no one has doubt
that's why the things of a central
forty thousand people of unique visitor Argentine soccer team that
he did discomfort and so
santiago acis and how it was agreed
at your judgment
Cuba